README.md, before:

# P3Reload-Countdown-Bot
simple bot to see when persona 3 reload is released

## Features 

### about

> ex. /about

Gives you general information about the bot, what it is and how to get started

### help

> ex.
>  /help
>  /help leaderboard

replies with specifics on how to use the specified command, or general help if no command is given

### leaderboard
> ex. /leaderboard

gives you a leaderboard of the top 10 people that are the most excited for P3RE (who issued the most requests to the bot ).

### news
> ex. /news

replies with the newest updates on P3RE, trying to keep it up to date as much as possible

### status

> ex. /status

gets some interesting runtime information about the bot

### weeks

> ex. /weeks

gives you the weeks and days until the release of P3RE


### when

> ex. /when

replies with the exact days, hours, minutes, seconds and milliseconds with decimals up to the nanosecond! exact time it assumes P3RE comes out is 2.2.2024 12:00 am CET (midnight)

### vote

>ex. /vote

sends the link to vote for the bot on top.gg


## Planned Features
to see which features are planned to be added to the bot, refer to [this file](planned_features.md)

# [Invite the bot](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1143972748654280806&permissions=84992&scope=bot)

Commit message:

Updated README.md for episode aigis

README.md, after:

# P3Reload-Countdown-Bot
simple bot to see when persona 3 reload: Episode Aigis is released

## Features 

### about

> ex. /about

Gives you general information about the bot, what it is and how to get started

### help

> ex.
>  /help
>  /help leaderboard

replies with specifics on how to use the specified command, or general help if no command is given

### leaderboard
> ex. /leaderboard

gives you a leaderboard of the top 10 people that are the most excited for P3RE (who issued the most requests to the bot ).

### status

> ex. /status

gets some interesting runtime information about the bot

### weeks

> ex. /weeks

gives you the weeks and days until the release of P3R:Episode Aigis


### when

> ex. /when

replies with the exact days, hours, minutes, seconds and milliseconds with decimals up to the nanosecond! exact time it assumes P3R: Episode Aigis releases is 10.9.2024 12:00 am GMT (midnight)


## Planned Features
to see which features are planned to be added to the bot, refer to [this file](planned_features.md)

# [Invite the bot](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1143972748654280806&permissions=84992&scope=bot)
